{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Talking Level Menu Options\
\
The talking level can announce the angle of the X, Y and Z axes, as rounded numbers or to one or two decimal places.\
\
The menu is accessed by holding the menu button until the word \'93set\'94 is spoken. It contains the following options with their default values:\
X On - toggles reading of the X axis. Can be switched on or off.\
Y Off - Toggles reading of the Y axis. Can be switched on or off.\
Z Off - Toggles reading of the Z axis. Can be switched on or off.\
Point 2 - Changes the decimal level that will be spoken. The default value is 2, which speaks a reading to a single decimal point. For example, 7.8 degrees. Options are 1 (hole numbers only), 2 (1 decimal, I.E 7.8 degrees) or 3 (2 decimals, example 7.45 degrees).\
X Zero - Clears the current X angle measurement. Useful if you have set an angle to measure from, see below.\
Y Zero - As Above.\
Z 0 - As Above.\
Set X followed by a reading - Allows you to store the current angle as a reference point and subtract it from future readings. This is useful if you want to measure the angle from a given point, I.E if you want to find the angle of an object in relation to another.\
Set Y - As Above.\
Set Z - As Above.\
\
}